I'm just here to help
get them over the top.
I was able to get
an agent in undercover,
working travel
and logistics for him.
Recently Verone put her
in charge of finding
some new drivers.
Right, although
we can't confirm
her status right now.
You think she's flipped?
She's one of mine.
She's all right.
She's been in with Verone
nearly a year. Even lives
at the compound with him now.
Look, it was the FBI's idea
to bring you in here.
I'm against it.
But we need some good drivers
that can put this asshole
and his money together.
You're gonna roll
with Agent Dunn here.
And if I don't?
Here's a list of the
laws you broke in L.A.
Obstruction of justice,
aiding and abetting.
You know the rap sheet.
We can
make this all go away
in the interest of justice
if you're willing
to play ball.
Yeah.
So what's the idea here?
Dunn and I are supposed
to be street racers?
That's right.